Note on the Rubric 
------------------
Professor Ferrari and Samuels conferred on all projects before assigning a final project grade to each one. Although some of the grading criteria may appear subjective to you, we were as objective as possible and assigned almost all the grades using checkpoints on the essential parts that we required for the project. 

The soft criterium we used is mostly concentrated on items #2 (Data Analysis) and #3 (Scope and Complexity). The final grade for those items resulted from Instructors' joint evaluation of all the projects as a whole. We are also recognizing in those rubrics team's effort and dedication. We consider a project more complex if it required different types of skills and used more diverse content we covered in during the quarter (e.g., if the team downloaded and used two ready-to-use data sets VS if the data was constructed using complex webscraping, data cleaning, record linkage, and everything was stored in a relational SQL database).

Please note that these grades are final! We will not make any grade adjusts unless it is due to an arithmetic error. 

As always with assignments, feel free to reach out if you do have any questions about improvement or clarification. Please respond via email if you do have any questions (not on piazza). With moving to remote learning for the spring, We will be busy preparing for the next quarter so we may not have a chance to respond right away. 

-------

Project Evaluation Points:
    - Completeness & Correctness (Project Requirements):
        Points Possible: 60
        Points Obtained: 60

    - Design:
        Points Possible: 25
        Points Obtained: 24

   #Comment: Your create_datebase is way too long. A function should be short and simple. You need 
   to think about how you can restructure that function into smaller tasks. 

    - Coding Style:
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 13  
   
   #Comment: A few of your functions are missing docstrings for their input arguments. 



Total Points: 97 / 100


Breakdown of Completeness & Correctness:       

  - Contains README and/or a pdf with textual information describing the project.
        Points Possible: 10
        Points Obtained: 10
	
  - Fulfills requirement #1: Two Data Sources(Web or API and another source)
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #2: Data analysis component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #3: Project Scope & Complexity
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #4: Visualization or Textual Component
        Points Possible: 5
        Points Obtained: 5


Comments: >
      Great project guys! This tool would be very useful for non-profits, especially when seeking 
      grants. I really do hope you continue with it and make it into something even bigger! 

      -Lamont 

